feat: initial implementation (#1)
moxystudio/react-ellipsis: README.md

[npm-url]:https://npmjs.org/package/@moxy/react-ellipsis
[downloads-image]:https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/@moxy/react-ellipsis.svg
[npm-image]:https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@moxy/react-ellipsis.svg
[build-status-url]:https://github.com/moxystudio/react-ellipsis/actions
[build-status-image]:https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/moxystudio/react-ellipsis/Node%20CI/master
[codecov-url]:https://codecov.io/gh/moxystudio/react-ellipsis
[codecov-image]:https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/moxystudio/react-ellipsis/master.svg
[david-dm-url]:https://david-dm.org/moxystudio/react-ellipsis
[david-dm-image]:https://img.shields.io/david/moxystudio/react-ellipsis.svg
[david-dm-dev-url]:https://david-dm.org/moxystudio/react-ellipsis?type=dev
[david-dm-dev-image]:https://img.shields.io/david/dev/moxystudio/react-ellipsis.svg

A wrapper component that adds an Ellipsis to the end of a single or multiline text.

## Installation

```sh
$ npm install @moxy/react-ellipsis
```

This library is written in modern JavaScript and is published in both CommonJS and ES module transpiled variants. If you target older browsers please make sure to transpile accordingly.

## Motivation

> Truncating a text and appending an ellipsis (`...`) to the end of it is a very common use case. It's pretty straightforward to implement, by using CSS only, if we're talking single line. However, for multi-line texts, things get a little bit trickier. Even trickier when you don't really know how many lines of text you're going to have, as it all depends on the css properties you will set for the `<div>` your text will be in. This package aims to ease the pain of appending an ellipsis to any text, while also taking care of responsivity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Truncating a text and appending an ellipsis (`...`) to the end of it is a very common use case. It's pretty straightforward to implement, using CSS only, if we're talking about a single line. However, for multi-line texts, things get a little bit trickier. Even trickier when you don't really know how many lines of text you're going to have, as it all depends on the css properties you will set for the `<div>` your text will be in. This package aims to ease the pain of appending an ellipsis to any text, while also taking care of responsivity.
```

# react-ellipsis

[![NPM version][npm-image]][npm-url] [![Downloads][downloads-image]][npm-url] [![Build Status][build-status-image]][build-status-url] [![Coverage Status][codecov-image]][codecov-url] [![Dependency status][david-dm-image]][david-dm-url] [![Dev Dependency status][david-dm-dev-image]][david-dm-dev-url]

[npm-url]:https://npmjs.org/package/@moxy/{react-ellipsis}
[downloads-image]:https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/@moxy/{react-ellipsis}.svg
[npm-image]:https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@moxy/{react-ellipsis}.svg
[build-status-url]:https://github.com/moxystudio/{react-ellipsis}/actions
[build-status-image]:https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/moxystudio/{react-ellipsis}/Node%20CI/master
[codecov-url]:https://codecov.io/gh/moxystudio/{react-ellipsis}
[codecov-image]:https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/moxystudio/{react-ellipsis}/master.svg
[david-dm-url]:https://david-dm.org/moxystudio/{react-ellipsis}
[david-dm-image]:https://img.shields.io/david/moxystudio/{react-ellipsis}.svg
[david-dm-dev-url]:https://david-dm.org/moxystudio/{react-ellipsis}?type=dev

> [david-dm-dev-image]:https://img.shields.io/david/dev/moxystudio/{react-ellipsis}.svg

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[david-dm-dev-image]:https://img.shields.io/david/dev/moxystudio/react-ellipsis.svg
```

Same for all of the badges above, remove the `{}`.

A wrapper component that adds an Ellipsis to the end of a single or multiline text.

## Installation

```sh

> $ npm install @moxy/{react-ellipsis}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
$ npm install @moxy/react-ellipsis
```

            Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. Vestibulum tortor quam, feugiat vitae, ultricies eget, tempor sit amet, ante. Donec eu libero sit amet quam egestas semper. Aenean ultricies mi vitae est. Mauris placerat eleifend leo. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. Vestibulum tortor quam, feugiat vitae, ultricies eget, tempor sit amet, ante. Donec eu libero sit amet quam egestas semper. Aenean ultricies mi vitae est. Mauris placerat eleifend leo. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. Vestibulum tortor quam, feugiat vitae, ultricies eget, tempor sit amet, ante. Donec eu libero sit amet quam egestas semper. Aenean ultricies mi vitae est. Mauris placerat eleifend leo.
        </Ellipsis>
    </div>
);
```

It works just fine if you pass a height and/or width as a style to the `Ellipsis`. The text will then appear truncated, with an ellipsis appended at the end.

## API

These are the props available in `@moxy/react-ellipsis`.

#### children

Type: `string`
Required: `true`

> The string that will be truncated by the `Ellipsis` component.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The string to be truncated by the `Ellipsis` component.
```

#### tag

Type: `string`

> The tag that will wrap the truncated text Default is `p`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The tag that will wrap the truncated text. Default is `<p>`.
```

Author: I thought about putting it the way suggested in the first place. But seeing as the prop itself will have to be `p`, `div`, `span` for example, without the `<>`, would it be the most correct way to document it?

Reviewer 2: Good point. I'd go with:

```
Type: `string`
Default: `p`

An HTML tag to wrap the truncated text.
```

#### className

Type: `string`

A className to apply to the component.

#### onMouseEnter

Type: `func`

A callback that will be called when the mouse pointer enters the contents of the `Ellipsis` component.

#### onMouseLeave

Type: `func`

A callback that will be called when the mouse pointer leaves the contents of the `Ellipsis` component.

> 

Reviewer 2: As there is no mention of it, I assume no props are being spread, so we should add the `onClick` ability here too (and in the code).

Author: Props are actually being spread. `onMouseEnter` and `onMouseLeave` should probably be removed altogether and we metion in the docs that props are being spread, giving some examples like the ones mentioned. Thoughts?

Reviewer 2: Yup, I commented on this before checking the code itself. 

> onMouseEnter and onMouseLeave should probably be removed altogether and we metion in the docs that props are being spread, giving some examples like the ones mentioned.

This is the way to go 👍

import styles from '...';

const Home = () => (
    <div>
        <h1>react-ellipsis</h1>
        <Ellipsis className={ styles.text }>
            Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. Vestibulum tortor quam, feugiat vitae, ultricies eget, tempor sit amet, ante. Donec eu libero sit amet quam egestas semper. Aenean ultricies mi vitae est. Mauris placerat eleifend leo. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. Vestibulum tortor quam, feugiat vitae, ultricies eget, tempor sit amet, ante. Donec eu libero sit amet quam egestas semper. Aenean ultricies mi vitae est. Mauris placerat eleifend leo. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. Vestibulum tortor quam, feugiat vitae, ultricies eget, tempor sit amet, ante. Donec eu libero sit amet quam egestas semper. Aenean ultricies mi vitae est. Mauris placerat eleifend leo.
        </Ellipsis>
    </div>
);
```

It works just fine if you pass a height and/or width as a style to the `Ellipsis`. The text will then appear truncated, with an ellipsis appended at the end.

## API

> These are the props available in `@moxy/react-ellipsis`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Besides the following supported props by the `Ellipsis` component, additional props are spread.
```

#### children

Type: `string`
Required: `true`

The string to be truncated by the `Ellipsis` component.

#### tag

Type: `string`
Default: `p`

> The tag that will wrap the truncated text Default is `p`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An HTML tag to wrap the truncated text.
```

A demo [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project is available in the [`/demo`](./demo) folder so you can try out this component.

> First, build the `{react-ellipsis}` project with:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
First, build the `react-ellipsis` project with:
```
